Update repository debrisSattelbach (#5)
OpenNHM/DebrisFrameData: debrisSattelbach/README.md

# debris Sattelbach

## Event 20130602

### Changelog
#### V0
- Sattelbach_Release_Area.gpkg
- Sattelbach_Deposition_Area.gpkg
- Sattelbach_DEM_Raster.tif
- Sattelbach_DEM_Projection.prj

> - Sattelbach_Hillshade_Raster.tif

Reviewer: do we really need to provide a hillshade? Actually everyone can create it from the DEM

- Sattelbach_Catchment_Area.gpkg
- Sattelbach_Landuse_Area.gpkg
- Sattelbach_Landnutzungslayer.qml

---

### General description
- Date: 2013-06-02
- Catchment: Sattelbach, Salzburg, Austria (1,74 km²)
- Altitude: 702-1664 m.a.s.l
- Volume: 12.000 m³
- Cause: landslide in the upper catchment after heavy rainfalls
- Type of debris flow: unknown

> - Entrainment: significant for debris-flow formation

Author: Due to the report "Ereignisanalyse Rückrechnung Murgang Sattelbach Juni 2013" erosion played an important role for this event. Unfortunately, no data is available on this subject.

- Runout: see deposition area gpkg file (Sattelbach_Deposition_Area.gpkg)

### Available data
- release area gpkg file (Sattelbach_Release_Area.gpkg)
    - release height 2,20 m (volume divided by release area)
- deposition area gpkg file (Sattelbach_Deposition_Area.gpkg)
- digital terrain model (Sattelbach_DEM_Raster.tif)
    - resolution 1 m x 1 m
- digital terrain model projection (Sattelbach_DEM_Projection.prj)
- hillshade raster (Sattelbach_Hillshade_Raster.tif)
    - resolution 1 m x 1 m
- catchment boundary gpkg file (Sattelbach_Catchment_Area.gpkg)
- land use gpkg file (Sattelbach_Landuse_Area.gpkg)
    - used features from Sattelbach_Landnutzungslayer.qml for resistance areas classified as:
        - Siedlung
        - Straßenanlagen und Versiegelung
        - unbedeckter Boden
        - Geröll- und Felsgelände
        - Wasserflaechen
        - Schnee und Eis
        - Mischwald
        - Nadelwald
        - Busch- und Strauckwerk
        - Ackerland
        - Alpine Rasen
        - Wiese
        - Schilf

### Data source 

> - general description: Ereignisanalyse Rückrechnung Murgang Sattelbach Juni 2013 (Torrent and Avalanche Control in Austria)

Reviewer: in englisch and maybe a bit more understandable,
not sure if this is meant:
```suggestion
the data was used for a backcalculation and analysis of the debris flow event at Sattelbach in June 2013 by the 
Torrent and Avalanche Control in Austria
```

Author: This is the original title of the report where the general description is from.
An adequate citation is needed then.
